listen when I caught this movie at South
by they had ladies outside sanctifying
people it was a curandero inside who
gave everyone a red cloth to wear off
evil spirits they were praying to add
warning signs
I was just sitting there going got guys
already face this lady once those
weren't left you know we're pretty much
scared of three things growing up
there's a cuckoo e there's like Llorona
and then there's the scariest one of
them all
hands down la chancla but in my case
like you don't know it was brought up
all the time cuz I used to go to Durango
twice a year so every year a big part of
my childhood consisted of being in
Mexico drinking coke out of a bag and
then coming across a lady crying by the
river yelling mis hijos so to us seeing
this on the big screen is a big deal
this is like Krampus for dwight schrutes
she's like a haunted thea who we try our
hardest to avoid but still feel like an
obligation to go watch her movie so what
I want to do is break down my Latino
perspective on this because that's
something WB Kampai let me explain so
for me the movies sadly is streaming I
think the best part about it are some of
the visuals considering that the
directors done cool things with his
short about a real estate agent trying
to sell a haunted house he did that
Billy Eilish video and even the movie
itself has similar effects to other
Billy Eilish videos so set pieces like
the umbrella scene or the car scene I
thought were fantastic and then you
remember there's a whole other part of
the movie so the movie begins in 1673
where a woman gets cheated on by her
husband and and of course the only
logical solution for her to get back at
him is to drown both of their children
she then becomes cursed and starts
haunting other kids for centuries to
come after drowning and as a Mexican kid
hearing about a mother killing her child
because she was trying to get back at
her cheating husband that's extra scary
the movie then jumps forward to 1973 in
Los Angeles which as the Q&A brought up
was their clever way of still claiming
that the land is is Mexican
not a photo not a legend it's really
she's real
he has no mourners secrets no like oh we
live in the u.s. ain't no bricks gonna
keep llegaron out now I like how they
chose this time period because that way
no one can Google I don't know right
they have no idea who she is
there's definitely a lot that you can do
with this story especially if it was
from the perspective of the kids since
they're the ones being haunted but man
when that trailer dropped I had so many
people hit me up on Twitter because they
were mad that the lead wasn't a latina
so I went over to go check it out cuz is
that Mike is that my crush Linda
Cardellini the freak and geek herself
the only redeeming feature of Hawkeye
sexy Velma jinkies
of course I reserved my judgement until
I saw the motion picture itself man
I guess because she's married to a
Mexican cop who who died she has some
connection to it but you know her
pronunciation was scarier than the movie
but at least she tried lying she's
working as a social worker who's
investigating this lady who's r.kelly
her kids in the closet and while Linda
thinks that she's being a savior to this
family she ends up being the reason why
both of the boys died so the mom of
those boys is obviously super furious
and decides to dry snitch to lie Llorona
telling her to go snatch Linda's kids
and you know things get really bad when
you have to resort to asking Tuco
Salamanca for help tight tight right
yeah this dude's coming up with an
anti-venom made out of like your owners
own tears he's got a holy Wells around
shadows to protect them he's putting
alka-seltzer in the pool problem is this
whole family is dumb there's a point
where people weren't laughing at a
horror movie out of relief because they
were scared they're laughing because
they cannot believe what's on screen
like if you're a bad mom right say the
epitome of Cinderella's stepmother you
would still question where your kids got
the bruises from because you don't want
to get blamed if you're a good mom not a
great mom just a good mom you're still
going to try to figure out what caused
this to make sure it doesn't happen
again but if you're a mom who's also a
social worker who literally just saw
this mark on the previous kids that you
got killed
ma'am there's other parts like with the
umbrella bit that again I think looks
great but what was this girl thinking
look if I reach for a piece of paper and
it moved I'd say okay it's the wind if
it moved again now I'm starting to
believe there's a really big draft but
if it moves a third time damn me those
are the ammonius the Sun then thinks
about going into the Attic twitch no
little Mexican boy would do we all know
that's the cuckoo room but what probably
takes the cake and obviously one of
these kids is when the little girl is
given one rule right don't cross a line
there's just one thing on the syllabus
of what not to do again the movie could
have been great if it was from the
perspective of the kids and they didn't
have the kids doing dumb things that
that kids wouldn't do considering her
name translates into the weeping woman I
also feel that they could have made her
cry more iconic but it's clear that this
is just like a stepping stone to
something bigger I mean the movie
practically takes place inside a house
so it's not like they had the biggest
budget it also wraps up so fast they
forgot what are the main characters got
shot and they just move on and I believe
the reason for that is because it's just
one part in a bigger franchise I know
the poster says it but I had no idea
that other people had no idea this was
connected to the conjuring series making
it technically a spinoff and letting a
lot of people to wonder how can you
copyright a cultures folktale I mean the
conjuring universe is interesting
because it's based off of real people
you know a lot of the incidents are real
so it's more of a fictional biopic ish
series if that makes any sense but does
that mean no one else can do a movie
about your onna cuz it's a Warner Bros
do other people now have to alter their
story if they want to do that do they
have to swap out the names and cover it
from a different perspective a folktale
from another culture or maybe you should
hunt the next one not hire German
writers who previously wrote five feet
apart like it was clear they didn't get
the condition in five feet apart
considering the backlash so it's kind of
obvious they didn't get a lot of the
nuances here you can get way deeper if
you wanted to make a good movie with
this you know just getting into the
psychology of this folktale getting into
the victims and what they feel there can
be way more emotions than iconic shots
and I think that if the director was
able to get a good script he already has
the visual flair to do something really
cool and seeing as he's doing the
conjuring 3 I hope this guy delivers
as they reintroduced the Annabelle
preacher in this one um curious to see
how they build as demonic Avengers
roster but considering that this is a
part of the conjuring universe and it
seems to be a franchise that keeps
getting bigger and bigger I can't really
get mad cuz that just means the sequels
gonna be crazy thinking I've shaken out
this video I'm cursing on your thoughts
down below in the comment section like I
said from my perspective someone who
literally grew up hearing about like
your own as since he was 2 years old I
think they can make it better and this
one may be okay it's not the greatest
but I think the next one could be better
there you know you call it the return of
like I don't know that dawn of like you
don't know call it rise like you don't
ever fight a Skywalker or something I
have no idea but once they realize that
all they have to do to the feeder is to
take her off the ofrenda then we can all
go back to drinking battle coke with
Kaka wat this almost a curiously a bunch
of other folk tales that are out there I
guess I had mentioned Krampus I know a
lot of people mentioned mamma was kind
of a version of La Llorona but from
overseas so I'm kind of curious to see
what else is out there I I'm campaigning
right now that if me Pio Guillermo was
able to do the Chupacabra movie I'll be
there day one I'll be there on the set
helping for free with whatever I can but
I'm guessin I got starts on this I know
a lot of my Latino viewers Latino people
in general are gonna go see this movie
horror fans are gonna go see this movie
and then Easter Sunday is gonna come up
and there's gonna be there going put me
cool pop or me cool but I'm curious to
see what you guys thought about this
maybe you liked it maybe you're like me
and you want the next one to be better
and you're just happy that I guess the
stories out there and it hopefully as a
potential cure scenario thoughts down
below in the comment section don't
forget to comment like and subscribe and
like I don't know we'll leave that
corner